[doc-sprint] Add some narrative text to landing page (#6622)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/index.rst

sunpy core Documentation
************************

``sunpy`` is a community-developed, free and open-source solar
data analysis environment for Python.

> New Users

Reviewer: I think this would be better at one title level lower, to make sure "sunpy core Documentation" stays the biggest at the top.

*********

If you are a first time user or new to Python,

..

>         * :Introduction to sunpy core [new page described in #6615]

Reviewer 2: There is actually a sphinx extension which supports todo items and tracking them, might be worth a look: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/todo.html ?

> * :doc:`installation guide <intro/installation>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Installation guide <intro/installation>`
```

> * :doc:`installation guide <intro/installation>`

Reviewer 2: We should avoid using the `:doc:` role where possible and use `:ref:` with the reference names of the titles we are referencing. This is so that if we change the path the links still work.

> Our **tutorial** provides a walkthrough on how to use the key features of sunpy core, we recommend new users start here.

Reviewer: But you've just said first time users go to the installation guide 😆 How about:
```suggestion
Our **tutorial** provides a walkthrough on how to use the key features of sunpy core.
Once you've installed sunpy, start here.
```

> * :doc:`Getting Started <intro/index>`

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of this manual ordering and then a hidden toc tree. How about we move "Installation guide" to a new page that shows up in the side bar, then include that as a toctree above, and turn this getting started into a toctree?

Reviewer 2: See my comment on the main thread. I actually think there's potential value in the separation.

In this case I think not having installation guide in the sidebar is an improvement (I got rid of it in #6613)

  #. :doc:`Data Acquisition <intro/acquiring_data/index>`
  #. :doc:`Data Types <intro/data_types/index>`
  #. :doc:`Plotting <intro/plotting>`
  #. :doc:`Units <intro/units>`
  #. :doc:`Coordinates <intro/coordinates>`
  #. :doc:`Time <intro/time>`

Next Steps
**********

* :doc:`Example gallery <generated/gallery/index>` contains short-form guides on accomplishing common tasks using sunpy.

> * :doc:`API reference<reference/index>` contains a technical description of the functionality of sunpy core's modules. It describes how they work and how to use them but assume you have a good understanding of sunpy and the scientific python ecosystem in general.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`API reference<reference/index>` contains a technical description of the inputs, outputs, and behaviour of each component of sunpy core.
```
I don't think API ref requires a good understanding of sunpy? With a bit of knoweldge (but not good understanding) I'd expect to be able to understand API reference entries in isolation.

..
    * [if we have how-tos?] How to guides provide detailed overview on some of the features of sunpy. These assume some level of experience using sunpy.
..
    * [we dont have a link to these but we do have some explanation pages] Topic guides (name?) provide

Further Info
************

* Find out :doc:`what's new <whatsnew/index>` with sunpy.
* View a list of :doc:`known issues <reference/known_issues>` or report new issues on our `GitHub issue tracker`_.
* Join our `chat room`_ or post to our `discourse`_ for help.

> * Read the :doc:`Developers guide <dev_guide/index>` to start contributing to the sunpy project.

Reviewer: This is excellent 💯

sunpy core Documentation
************************

> ``sunpy`` is a community-developed, free and open-source solar data analysis environment for Python.

Reviewer 3: Do we want to enforce all sunpy library references are marked up like this?

Reviewer: I think it looks good here - if we want to disucss enforcing (or not) as a rule, worth opening a new issue?

Author: I had a look over the docs and its a bit all over the place how sunpy is stylised: ``sunpy``, SunPy, sunpy core (package), the sunpy project etc.

If there are rules to follow or rules to be made then we should do that. I don't care how it is stylised here really.

Reviewer 3: We need to enforce this down the road but for now, we don't need to block.

New Users
==========

For help installing ``sunpy`` refer to our :ref:`installation guide <installing>`.

> .. todo::

Reviewer 3: Are we ok with adding todos in files? 

Would an issue not be a better idea?

Reviewer: I'm 👍 to opening an issue too, so we don't forget.

    if #6615 is completed link here
    Introduction to sunpy core

If you are a first time user or new to Python, our **tutorial** provides a walkthrough on how to use the key features of sunpy core.
Once you've installed sunpy, start here.

> * :ref:`guide`

Reviewer 2: I thought you had put a toctree here?

Author: see my comment in main thread, because of #6616 it now breaks the toctree here

    #. :ref:`time-in-sunpy`
    #. :ref:`coordinates-sunpy`
    #. :ref:`acquiring_data`
    #. :ref:`map_guide`
    #. :ref:`timeseries_guide`
    #. :ref:`plotting`

Next Steps
==========

* :doc:`Example gallery <generated/gallery/index>` contains short-form guides on accomplishing common tasks using sunpy.
* :ref:`API reference<reference>` contains a technical description of the inputs, outputs, and behaviour of each component of sunpy core.

.. todo::

    When a page or subgallery containing more diataxis like how-to (longer form) guides is added then link here
    [How to guides] provide detailed overview on some of the features of sunpy. These assume some level of experience using sunpy.

.. todo::

    Index explanation pages (e.g. different map rotation methods and then link here.)
    [Topic guides] discuss key topics and concepts at a fairly high level and provide useful background information and explanation.

Further Info
============

* Find out :ref:`what's new <whatsnew>` with sunpy.
* View a list of :ref:`known issues <known_issues>` or report new issues on our `GitHub issue tracker`_.
* Join our `chat room`_ or post to our `discourse`_ for help.

> * Read the :ref:`Developers guide <dev_guide>` to start contributing to the sunpy project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Read the :ref:`Developers guide <dev_guide>` to start contributing to the SunPy project.
```
